plugins/modules/ceph_add_users_buckets.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/cephadm_adopt.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/cephadm_bootstrap.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/cephadm_registry_login.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_authtool.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_config.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_crush.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_crush_rule.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_crush_rule_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_dashboard_user.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_ec_profile.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_fs.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_key.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_key_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_key_list.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_mgr_module.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_orch_apply.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_orch_daemon.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_orch_host.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_osd_flag.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_osd.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_pool.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_volume.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_volume_simple_activate.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/ceph_volume_simple_scan.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/radosgw_caps.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/radosgw_realm.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/radosgw_user.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/radosgw_zonegroup.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check
plugins/modules/radosgw_zone.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license # ignore license check